---
layout: post
status: publish
published: false
title: 励志英文2 This is your day
description: "股市 投资 金融 理念 逻辑 a股 人生哲学"
excerpt_separator: ===
tags:
- 英文文章
---

<iframe frameborder="0" src="https://v.qq.com/txp/iframe/player.html?vid=t0503w4dby9" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>

The thing about time is that comes and goes. Tomorrow will make today a distant memory And as quick as you were here, you'll be gone. What's in fromt of you is an opportunity to make right now something you'll never forget. You have the ability to write history to create a story that will live with you forever.

Think back to all the days leading up to today. All the training, the hours of preparation, the pain you felt, they have brought you to this moment, they are the armor that you wear.

Right now is about execution. It's about taking all those hours and turning them into the best version of yourself. Today is about being better than you ever dreamed you could be. These are the moments you live for.

Gone are the insecurities the doubt the disbelief, this day is yours. Look your opponents in the eye, they cannot give what you can, you have built this opportunity piece by piece, you have created an unstoppable force and it's finally time to reveal that to the world.

Let people doubt you they'll see with time. Let the obstacle stand, you will run right through them. Let everything in this universe tell you no, you have already told yourself yes.

The hardest thing in this world to stop is someone who knows they've won before th game is started. This is your everything, embracing. Make it, so that you never forget today.

you were the god of your world, And in your world you write the script. There is no tired, you left that in the wait room years ago. There is no one sure, push yourself to exhaustion every day took are of that, There is only when, when do you rise up.

There somes a point when you just given too much, you sacrifice is too great, to accept anything but hte very best, everything else is noise. This is your day.

It will not disappear with time, it will live on, you have earned today. Go make sure the world knows.