---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: 励志英文(五) 永不屈服 Unbroken
description: "英文 励志 英语学习 英文文章"
excerpt_separator: ===
tags:
- 英文文章
---

<iframe frameborder="0" src="https://v.qq.com/txp/iframe/player.html?vid=o3077srfgyn" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>

===

### 原文如下:

you can’t connect the dots looking forward, you can only connect them looking backwards.

So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connecting your future, you have to trust in something.

Your god, destiny, life, karma, whatever. Because believing with the dots will connect down the road, will give you the confidence to follow your heart, even when it leads you off the well-worn path and that will make all the difference.

Your time is limited so don't waste it living someone else's life, don't be trapped by dogma which is living with the results of other people's thinking.

Don't let the noise others opinion ground drown out your own in the voice. You've got to find what you love and that is a true for work as it is for your lovers.

Your work is going to fill large part of your life and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe this great work and the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle. Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly wanted to become.

﻿But you're going to have some ups then you're gonna have some downs.

Most people give up on themselves easily. You know the human spirit is powerful. There's nothing is powerfull, it's hard to kill the human's spirit.

Anybody can feel good when they have their health, their bills the pain, they have happy relationships. Anybody could be positive then, anybody can have a large vision then, anybody can have faith under those kinds of circumstances.

The real challenge of growth mentally emotional spiritual comes when you get knocked down. 

It takes courage to act.

Part being hungry when you have been defeated. That takes courage to start over again.

Fear kills dreams, fear kills hope, fear put people in the hospital, fear can age you, can hold you back from doing something that you know within yourself that you're capable of doing but it will paralyze you.

At the end of your feelings is nothing, but at the end of every principle is a promise. Behind your liitle feelings, it might not be absolutely nothing at the end of your lip feelings, but behind every principle is a promise.

And some of you and your life the reason why you not at your goal right now, because you just all about your feelings.

﻿You all on your feelings you don't feel like wakeing up, so who does.

Every day you say no to your dreams, you might be pushing your dreams back a whole six months a whole year. That one single day that one day you didnt get up could push your stuff back, I dont know how long.

Dont allow your emotions to control you, we are emotional but we you want begin to discipline your emotion. If you dont discipline and contain your emotions they wont use you.

You want it and you're gonna go all out to have it. It's not going to be easy when you want to change. It's not easy if it were in fact easy everybody to do it, but if you're serious you'll go out.

I'm in control here. I'm not gonna let this get me down. I'm going to let this destroy me. I'm coming back, 
and I'll be stronger and better because of you have got to make a declaration.

This is what you stand for. You're standing up for your dreams. You're standing up for peace of mind. You're standing up for helping take full responsibility for your life.

It's suck where you are and the responsibility that you're going to take yourself where you want to go.

You could decide that I'm going to live each day as if it were my last.

Living your life with passion with some dry.

﻿That you're going to push yourself the last chapter to your life has not been written yet. It doesn't matter about what happened yesterday, it doesn't matter what happen to you what matters what do you wanna talk about.

This year I will make this goal become a reality. I wont talk about it more. I can, I can, I can.

