---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: 思路探讨(三十六) 英语励志文章1
description: "股市 投资 金融 理念 逻辑 a股 人生哲学"
excerpt_separator: ===
tags:
- life
- 英文文章
---

半年前我把这篇文章打印了下来，每天读一遍读了很多遍，每次读都有不同的体会，文字是视频中的对话。很多时候当我们还没到那个高度的时候，催眠自己也不妨是一种途径。

<iframe frameborder="0" src="https://v.qq.com/txp/iframe/player.html?vid=n0147njlz3k" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>

===

I dont know what that dream is that you have, I dont care how disappointing it might have been, as you've been working towards that dream. But that dream that you're holding in your mind, that it's possible.

That some of you already know that it's hard. It's not easy. It's hard changing your life.

That in the process of working on your dreams, you are going to incur, incur a lot of disappointment, a lot of failure, a lot of pain , there are moments when you’re going to doubt yourself, you will say “ God why? why is this happening to me? I’m just trying to take care of my children and my mother I’m not trying to steal or rob from anybody. How did this have to happen to me?”

For those of you who have experienced some hardships, don’t give up on your dream.

There are rough times that gonna come but they have not come to stay, they have come to pass.

Greatness is not this wonderful esoteric, elusive, god-like feature that, only the special among us will ever taste, you know, it’s something that truly exists in all of us.

It’s very important for you to believe, that you are the one!

Most people, they raise a family, they earn a living and then they die.

They stop growing, they stop working on themselves. They stop stretching. They stop pushing themselves.

Then a lot of people like to complain, but they don’t wanna do anything about their situation, and most people don’t work on their dreams. why?

One is because of fear, the fear of failure, “what if things don’t work out?” And the fear of success, “what if they do and I can’t handle it?”. These are not risk-takers.

You spend so much time with other people, you spend so much time trying to get people to like you, you know other people more than you know yourself, you've studied them, you know about them, you wanna hang out like them, you wanna be JUST LIKE THEM!

And you know what? You’ve invested so much time in them, you don’t even know who you are, I'm telling you to spend time by yourself.

It’s necessary that you get the losers out of your life, if you want to live your dream.

But for people who are running towards their dreams, life has a special kind of meaning.

When you become the "right person", what you do is you start separating yourself from other people, you begin to have a certain uniqueness.

As long as you follow other people, as long as you’re being a copy-cat, you will never ever be the best copy-cat in the world. But you will be the best that you could be. I'm telling you to find your value.

That everybody won’t see it, that everybody won’t join you, that everybody won’t have the vision, it’s necessary to know that. That you are an uncommon breed!

It’s necessary that you align yourself with people and attract people into your business, people who are hungry.

People who are unstoppable and unreasonable, people who are refusing to live life just as it is and who want more.

The people that are living their dream are fighting winners. They attach themselves to. The people who are living their dreams are the people that know that if it’s gonna happen, it’s up to them.

If you wanna be more successful, if you wanna do and have stuff you've never done before, No.2, I’m asking you to invest in you.

Someone’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality, that you don’t have to go through life being a victim. And even though you face disappointments, you have to know within yourself that I can do this, even if no one else sees it in me, I must see it for myself.

This is what I believe and I'm willing to die for it, period.

No matter how bad it is or how bad it gets, I'm going to make it!

I wanna represent an idea. I wanna represent possibilities.

Some of you right now, you wanna be, you wanna say, you wanna go to next level, "I want a council, you know, I wanna be an engineer, I wanna be a doctor." Listen to me: You can't get to that level, you can't get to the level economically where you wanna be, until you start investing in your mind. You are not reading books, I challenge you all to go to the conference. I dare you to invest time, I dare you to be alone, I dare you to spent and hour to get to know yourself. When you become who you are, when you become the person that you are created to be, designed to be, who you were designed to be. When you become an individual, what you do is you take yourself and you start separating yourself from other people. I'm telling you, to get to a place where people do not like you or do not even bother you any more. Why? Cause you are not concerned with trying to make them happy, because you are trying to blow, you are trying to get to the next level. I need you to invest in your mind.

If you’re still talking about your dream, if you’re still talking about your goal, but you have not done anything, just take the first step. That you can make your parents proud, you can make your school proud, you can touch millions of people‘s lives, and the world will never be the same again, because you came this way.

Don’t let nobody steal your dreams! After we face a rejection or a 'NO' or we have a meeting and no one shows up. or somebody said ” you can count on me ” and they don’t come through.

What if we have that kind of attitude, that cause reposes, nobody believes in you. You’ve lost again, and again, and again! The lights are cut off, but you’re still looking at your dream, renewing it every day and saying to yourself: IT'S NOT OVER, UNTIL I WIN!

YOU CAN LIVE YOUR DREAM!


